1. B
2. C
3. B
4. D
5. C
6. B
7. B
8. A
9. A, B
10. A, B
11. A Neural Network without Activation function would simply be a Linear regression Model, which has limited power and does not perform good most of the times.
12. Forward propagation refers to the calculation and storage of intermediate variables for a neural network in order from the input layer to the output layer. We now work 
     step-by-step through the mechanics of a neural network with one hidden layer. 
                                                                       z = W x
    Backpropagation refers to the method of calculating the gradient of neural network parameters. In short, the method traverses the network in reverse order, from the output
     to the input layer, according to the chain rule from calculus. 
13. In Batch Gradient Descent, we take the average of the gradients of all the training examples and then use that mean gradient to update our parameters. So that’s just one 
     step of gradient descent in one epoch. 
    Stochastic gradient descent method can be considered as the opposite of the batch gradient.In this case, however, we update the weights after each data instance has been
     processed by the neural network. This method is also often called as online learning.
    The mini-batch gradient descent, we must divide our training set into batches of size n. The gradient descent step is performed after each mini-batch of samples has been
     processed.
14. Computational Efficiency: In terms of computational efficiency, this technique lies between the two previously introduced techniques.
    Stable Convergence: It is more stable converge towards the global minimum since we calculate an average gradient over n samples that results in less noise.
    Faster Learning: As we perform weight updates more often than with stochastic gradient descent, we achieve a much faster learning process.
15. Transfer learning is a research problem in machine learning that focuses on storing knowledge gained while solving one problem and applying it to a different but related  
    problem. For example, knowledge gained while learning to recognize cars could apply when trying to recognize trucks.
